## Quantification Pipeline of Nuclear Localized Fluorescent Cells in Whole Tissue Images 
This pipeline can be used to perform analysis and quantification on images of whole tissue to determine how many fluorescent cells are present in tissue. The median brightness of those cells can subsequently be determined. This pipeline was originally built for lung tissue images, but can easily be adapted to other tissues. This code is a companion to a manuscript, and can be used to generate the figure images and plots in the figures. 

## Motivation
Many biologists too frequently rely on manual quantification for image analysis, limiting the size of tissue that can be examined and biasing the results to the regions examined and experimenter judgement. Quantification pipelines have been built to provide researchers flexibility, but these frequently overemphasize intensity thresholding to determine cells and have poor methods to adjust their techniques when background intensity varies wildly over an image. Simple strategies are applied here to enable whole tissue analysis to expand the biologist's toolkit for tissue quantification. 

## Notebooks
The analysis on whole tissues images is performed in `image_analysis.ipynb'. This notebook outputs the quantification to a csv file. Initial parameters to test are listed in markdown blocks.

The exact parameters run in `image_analysis.ipynb' can be tested on individual images using 'single_image_analysis.ipynb', which takes the quantification parameters generated previously and displays the output beside a selected image. During original testing, examining the parameters on individual images often is advised.

Data generated by `image_analysis.ipynb' can be plotted using 'plotting.ipynb' by referencing the csv created, and some simple comparisons can be examined. 

'ATII_quantification.ipynb' and 'Figure_production.ipynb' are both used to generate the plots for the manuscript, and serve no other function. 

## Installation
To operate this code, you need to have the following packages installed: 

FILL IN HERE

## Credits
Umesh Padia produced iris.py to enable stitching of microscope images. Professor Justin Bois provided feedback on early versions of this project. 

## License
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
